"Reticulating Splines... whatever that means."
"Making things load faster than Superman on laundry day."
"We're brewing some fresh pixels, please hold on."
"Loading... but not the kind you do on laundry day."
"Hold on tight, we're going to plaid!"
"Please wait, our monkeys are working hard to power up the server."
"Loading... while we consult the universe for the meaning of life."
"We're loading at the speed of light... well, maybe just the speed of sound."
"Our engineers are currently fighting gravity to make this load faster."
"Sit tight, we're currently running a marathon to fetch your data."
"Loading... Don't worry, we're not secretly downloading cat videos."
"Our hamsters are spinning their wheels to power up the server."
"Patience is a virtue, but it won't make this load any faster."
"We're working hard so you don't have to...well, except for waiting for this to load."
"Loading...we apologize for the delay, we accidentally clicked on Internet Explorer."
"Our loading screen is loading. We apologize for the inconvenience."
"Waiting for the internet to catch up to us. It might take a while."
"This load screen is more patient than your mom waiting for you to call."
"Don't worry, this load screen won't last as long as the Game of Thrones finale."
"Loading... Please do not turn off your computer and go to the beach."
"Our code is so fast, it's gone into warp speed. Loading may take a few seconds."
"Roses are red, violets are blue, we're loading your page, just for you."
"While you wait, you can practice your finger drumming skills on your desk."
"We apologize for the wait. Our developers are currently playing rock-paper-scissors to decide who writes the next line of code."
"Loading... Don't worry, we haven't forgotten about you. We're just making some popcorn."
"We're sorry for the delay. Our developer spilled coffee on the server."
"This load time is shorter than our attention span in meetings."
"Loading... It's like waiting for water to boil, but without the delicious tea."
"We're processing your request as fast as we can. Please be patient, we're not all superheroes."
"Just hold on, we're going on a journey to load your page."
"Loading... Sorry for the wait, our developer is untangling the server wires."
"Please wait, our server is currently practicing its deep breathing exercises."
"Loading... Please wait, we're untangling the internet wires. They seem to have had a party last night."
"We're almost there... we just have to coax the data out of the interwebs."
"Loading... Our servers are currently doing their yoga stretches to warm up."